-- RDBMS stands for Relational Database Management System.

   All modern database management systems like SQL, MS SQL Server, IBM DB2, ORACLE, My-SQL,
   and Microsoft Access are based on RDBMS.
   It is called Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) because it is based on the relational model introduced by E.F. Codd.
   How it works
   Data is represented in terms of tuples (rows) in RDBMS.

   A relational database is the most commonly used database. It contains several tables, and each table has its primary key.

   Due to a collection of an organized set of tables, data can be accessed easily in RDBMS.

   What is table/Relation?
   Everything in a relational database is stored in the form of relations.
   The RDBMS database uses tables to store data. A table is a collection of related data entries and
   contains rows and columns to store data. Each table represents some real-world objects such as person, place, or event about which information is collected. The organized collection of data into a relational table is known as the logical view of the database.

   Properties of a Relation:

   Each relation has a unique name by which it is identified in the database.
   Relation does not contain duplicate tuples.
   The tuples of a relation have no specific order.
   All attributes in a relation are atomic, i.e., each cell of a relation contains exactly one value.

   ----Data Integrity
           There are the following categories of data integrity exist with each RDBMS:
           Entity integrity: It specifies that there should be no duplicate rows in a table.
           Domain integrity: It enforces valid entries for a given column by restricting the type, the format, or the range of values.
           Referential integrity specifies that rows cannot be deleted, which are used by other records.
           User-defined integrity: It enforces some specific business rules defined by users. These rules are different from the entity, domain, or referential integrity.